In our JEDI path,
every step we take brings us closer to our shared vision.
Our path, our JEDI model, drives us forward,
challenging us to grow and learn and motivating us
to move further ahead together, as a community.
It does not matter how we travel,
what matters is that we travel together,
enriching our path with our experiences,
which are unique and with our diversity.
Every step we take brings us closer to the inclusive
and equitable company we strive to be.
The time has come to put what we have learned into action.
Together, we can make a difference.
Our JEDI model is not a destination, it is a road we travel together.
A road that leads to a future of Justice, Equity, Diversity, and Inclusion for everyone!